willing to walk away like that.
>> He loves cassie.
Oh, the tears last night from
Colton, really changed the way
we look at the bachelor forever.
What a night.
>> What a night.
Welcome to "Access live."
Bachelor nation's Ashley.
We got some unpacking to do.
The tears.
>> The tears.
>> First of all, I like this new format.
It feels more authentic.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Could this be the new thing?
>> I don't know, could it be the
new thing?
Yeah, it takes the pressure of
proposing at the end of it it
off now.
Look at Colton.
>> The asterisk with no hope.
I don't know how I feel about
fantasy suite.
The whole season we teased, the
virgin bachelor.
Will he lose his virginity?
>> He had a -- I talked to
taysha last night.
You could tell how he wasn't
into me in the fantasy suite.
The door closed and I could tell
it wasn't me.
>> What about the deal with
cassie, this is a huge thing
with a lot of my friends.
Sue she's not that into him.
Women like to be chased.
Can he win her over now?
>> Is that also what she
signalling, chase me, or is she
not that into him?
>> I can answer that question
assertively.
She's definitely not saying,
come chase me.
I do feel like -- I'm the last
one to talk, I feel like I'm
saying this over and over again.
I was the person told, I don't
like you.
I don't think I'm going to get
there.
And then if it weren't for me
being friends with them, like
inviting him to my place,
inviting him to events, who
knows if I would be engaged now.
>> Because you knew --
>> I knew.
That's the thing.
Last night Jason said something
so poignant.
He said, you need to kind of
exhaust all your options because
if you leave any what if's
hanging out there, you're always
going to look back, I could have
done that, I could have done
that.
Who knows if it would have led
to a happy ever after.
I think Colton going after
cassie is what he should do.
>> I want to show you, look at
somebody leaving.
Does this look like somebody
heart broken?
>> I'm sad to see it over, but I
did make the right choice
because I can't be here, not
because I don't care about him a
lot, but because, like, I can't
make a commitment.
I think Colton -- Colton wants a
wife and a family and a life
with someone right now.
And I want him to have that.
So I don't want him to be --
with me.
I can't wait to be with family
back home and move on with my
life.
>> I want cassie.
>> It's so sad.
>> If I leave for the airport
now, can I hang out in the
lounge about an hour, hour and a
half?
>> So confused why she said he
wants a wife and family.
>> He told you, girl, last week.
He doesn't care.
He just wants to be with you.
>> That's her way out.
>> That's her excuse she's going
to stick to the entire time.
So what happens now?
>> I don't know, what happens
now?
There's a knock on the door,
she's going to answer the door
tonight and you'll find out.
>> They're gonna get married.
>> Meanwhile, I so love Hannah
G.
It comes down to the other two
women.
Taysha, ifrl like it was more of
a friendship.
She looked so gorgeous.
They showed up after the
final --
>> You know what happens when
you get dumped, you have to show
up real correct.
This is what you're missing out
on.
>> I know.
>> I look -- their teeth look
good.
Here's Hannah G.
I thought, first of all I didn't
think she would be this heart
>> I understand why she was so
heart broken.
She was left hanging way more
than taysha was left hanging.
She didn't have the date in the
fantasy suite.
She thought she was going to get
the first date that week.
Hypothetically, imagine if
Hannah G. Did get the first date
that week, they had the fantasy
he obviously liked her more than
he liked taysha, then went into
the date with cassie.
I wonder if he would have been
like, okay, let's bring the two
of them next week instead of
just latching onto cassie.
>> Maybe because she got the
first impression rose, Hannah,
usually you get chosen.
Tons of chemistry, the shower --
not with taysha, but Hannah G.
They made out a lot.
>> Hannah G. Was the first one
he kissed.
>> I can't remember that.
>> I can't remember.
>> He told her, I thought it was
you.
You feel like home.
>> What does that sound like to
a girl, though?
You feel like home?
>> That sounds best,
>> Y'all don't hear --
>> My safe place.
>> Y'all don't hear mom?
You remind me of my mom.
>> Ooh, buzz kill.
>> Guys, he said everything
changed with cassie come
Portugal.
That's why what if the dates
were swapped?
Because he just changed his mind
and made that affirmative
decision this week.
>> I texted Harrison.
I want her as the bachelorette
because she was so sweet and
authentic with her love.
She looks sensational.
>> She was there for the right
reasons.
>> Right, she was.
>> Maybe she was -- it didn't
seem like cassie -- she was out.
Hannah was like, I was hoping
this would be a different way.
>> When she went home after the
show was over.
Do I need to comb my hair, is he
going to come back for me?
>> That was sweet and sad.
If he were to go to cassie and
said, you know, can we do this?
Say she rejects him tonight.
Going back to Hannah G. May not
have been the worst idea.
>> If it's not Hannah G., who do
we like for the next
bachelorette?
We'll hear tonight.
>> I'm going with Hannah B.
She's been my girl the entire
time.
She's the perfect combination of
hot to guys, relatable to girls.
She can be serious and like very
woman power when she needs to
be.
But she can be cute and funny
also.
>> She's sassy, good southern
girl.
>> You have to leave it to Jimmy
Kimmel, you know?
He knows how to just make it all
come full circle.
>> Yes, yes.
>> I don't know what Chris
Harrison did to Colton to
convince him to stay, but
whatever it was, it worked.
>> Last night, last night was
>> Yeah.
>> Wait, I'm confeuused.
Did Colton lose his virginity to
Chris Harrison?
>> That was wild.
>> Whatever he said to Colton,
maybe cassie is not into you.
>> Maybe she's just not that
into you.
>> We all see the movie.
He went there.
>> We've all seen she's not that
into him from what they've
aired.
Possibly there's stuff they
haven't aired to make us think
otherwise, but it's so
interesting that Colton says,
she loves me, she's just scared.
>> I'm a good read of people.
I can feel it.
That's what he said.
>> Not if you've seen her side
interviews.
However, same could have been
said about Jared and you guys
did not ever see him liking me
at all.
Eight that is true.
>> My husband came after me so
hard and he caught me.
>> You can hear more of Ashley
on her podcast, I don't get it.
Ben and Ashley.
And the bachelor finale are